Make `BaseSubscriptionSet` type extend `DeprecatedReadonlyArray` (#5353)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

## vNext (TBD)

### Deprecations

> * The ECMAScript Array APIs (such as `map`, `every`, access using indexing operator `[]`, etc.) on the `BaseSubscriptionSet` type was deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ECMAScript Array APIs (such as `map`, `every`, access using indexing operator `[]`, etc.) on the `SubscriptionSet` types was deprecated.
```

Ditto below.

Personally, I think it would be best if we treated `BaseSubscriptionSet` as an implementation detail for how we remove redundancy in our type declarations rather than something user facing. Feel free to ignore if the rest of the team disagrees.

Author: I think it makes sense changing it to `SubscriptionSet` publicly 👍

## vNext (TBD)

### Enhancements

> * The ECMAScript Array APIs (such as `map`, `every`, access using indexing operator `[]`, etc.) on the `BaseSubscriptionSet` type was deprecated.

Author: Should it be moved to a different section?

Reviewer 2: I agree, you should create a "Deprecation" section (see v10.10.0 for an example)
